Paletto is a managent tool for color palettes.

It's a bundle of Tools and Engines to design and organize color palettes for your creative code scenes.
It is coded on C++ using openFrameworks and it's based on my ofxColorManager add-on.
Do not export presets for designing tools like Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Sketch or [similar].
Instead, [por el contrario]

The main original destination of this App is to be a complement to customized apps, more than to be an alternative to "Adobe" color managers or other designer solutions on the market.  
The main purpose of this app is to be linked with other custom apps for creative coding like Processing or Unity 3D or Unreal 4 incluso.

For the momment there's only one client add-on, and is obviously for openFrameworks.
If you want to use your json files in your custom app, and you are not using openFrameworks, you can code your json files reader classes by yourself.
Depending on user interest or myself, future versions will have add-ons for Unreal or other tools or will export .ase formats for Adobe maybe too.

* Engines
To create a Palette:

1. 10+ Algorithmic Theory Schemes from a base color.
  Complementary, Compound, Monochrome, Analogous, Triad...
2. 10+ Range Spaces between two colors.
  RGB, LAB, CMYK, XYZ...
3. Colour Lovers API to search keywords online, handle favorites, and history search.
4. Extract the dominant colors from image files.
  Sorting by Dominance, Hue, Saturation or Brightness.

* Tools
Management of Palettes

Editor:
  Organize the Palette colors
  Edit using the color pickers and the Pantone colors library.

Kit of Presets Manager:
  Receive palettes from all the engines and save presets.
  Name, modify, delete or duplicate presets from your kit.
  Preview all your kit of preset on a scrollable clickable panel.

Gradient Designer:
  Auto-generates a gradient from each palette.
  Exposes an available extra pickable color.


Other Features

    Demo Scenes for fast palette preview. Colored SVG and bubble scenes.
    ImGui based GUI. Docked and customizable.
    Linkable with antoher app using ofxColorClient trough TCP or Watching files.
    Hue wheel and rectangle Color Pickers with HSV sliders and clipboard copy/paste codes.
    Pantone library with 2000+ colors.
    Manage: Edit, add, remove, sort, shift, and drag your palette colors.
    Kit exporter of all JSON preset files to your project data path.


File format

The JSON file format of a palette preset it's simple. This is an example of a 3 colors palette file content:

[
    {
        "a": 255,
        "b": 206,
        "g": 69,
        "r": 4
    },
    {
        "a": 255,
        "b": 165,
        "g": 103,
        "r": 3
    },
    {
        "a": 255,
        "b": 125,
        "g": 137,
        "r": 3
    }
]


Notes / TODO

    Create an App using all the power but more user-friendly and a very simplified GUI.
        The main original destination of this addon is to complement customized apps, more than make an alternative to "Adobe" color managers or other solutions on the market.
        Processing / Unity3D / UE4 clients plugins. (?)
    Export Adobe ASE. (?)
    Tween transitions to presets.
    Undo engine.
    Improve Gradient Engine adding cosine/shifting algorithms. Add an example and improve gradient exposing.

Author

An addon by @moebiusSurfing
( ManuMolina ) 2019-2021
License

MIT License
