Paletto is a Color Managent tool to create palettes.

It's a bundle of Tools and Engines to design and organize color palettes presets for your creative code scenes.

It is coded on C++ using openFrameworks, and it's based on my opensourced ofxColorManager add-on.

DISCLAIMER:

For the momment, the app DO NOT export palettes for design tools like Adobe Photoshop/Illustrator, Sketch or similar. Is not intended to be an alternative to the online Adobe color manager or other standalone or web-based "classic" designer solutions.  

Instead of this:

The main purpose of this app, is to be paired linked with other custom Creative Coding Apps. Usually done with frameworks like openFrameworks itself, Processing, Unity3D or UnrealEngine between others.

For the momment there's only one client add-on, obviously for openFrameworks.

If you want to use your Paletto JSON preset files in your custom App (without using openFrameworks):

1. Faster way is that you code your own JSON reader classes by yourself.

2. Longer way would be to make a plug-in/add-on for your framework by yourself.
This is not specially difficult. Paletto can be linked using a simple TCP packets or watching changes on a TEMP JSON file to hot-reload the currently edited preset.

Depending on users interest or myself future requeriments, next updates could maybe have plug-ins for other tools or will export other formats for Adobe (.ase) or similar.

* Engines

Send palettes to the editor.

    10+ Algorithmic Theory Schemes from a base color.

    Complementary, Compound, Monochrome, Analogous, Triad...

    10+ Range Spaces between two colors.

    RGB, LAB, CMYK, XYZ...

    Colour Lovers API to search keywords online, handle favorites, and history search.

    Extract the dominant colors from image files.

    Sorting by Dominance, Hue, Saturation or Brightness.

* Tools

Management of Palettes

    Editor:

        Receive from the Engines and organize the palette colors.

        Edit using the color pickers and the Pantone colors library.

        Add, remove, sort, shift, and drag colors.

    Kit of Presets Manager:

        Receive palettes, name and save to presets kit.

        Tweak, delete or duplicate presets from your kit.

        Fast preview all your presets on a scrollable clickable panel.

        Your user kit is ready to use (also in other apps using the ofxColorClient player.)

    Gradient Designer:

        Auto-generates a gradient for each palette.

        Exposes the all the gradient and another extra pickable color.

        Tweackeable curve to deform spread distribution.

Other Features

    Demo Scenes for fast palette preview. Colored SVG and bubble scenes.

    ImGui based GUI. Docked and customizable with layouts management.

    Hue wheel and rectangle Color Pickers with HSV sliders and clipboard copy/paste codes.

    Pantone library with 2000+ colors.

    Kit exporter of all JSON preset files to your project data path. (Also to be used on a Standalone player/Client app.)

Author:

Coded by @moebiusSurfing

( ManuMolina ) 2019-2021
